Replace technet and fwlink (#18647)
dotnet/docs: docs/azure/migration/app-service.md

### Connection strings and application settings

Consider using [Azure KeyVault](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/), a service that securely stores sensitive information used in your application. Alternatively, you can store this data as an App Service setting.

### DNS

You may need to update DNS configurations based on the requirements of your application. These DNS settings can be configured in the App Service [custom domain settings](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/app-service-web-tutorial-custom-domain).

## Azure App Service with Windows Containers

If your app cannot be migrated directly to App Service, consider App Service using Windows Containers, which enables usage of the GAC, COM components, MSIs, full access to .NET FX APIs, DirectX, and more.

## See also

* [How to determine if your app qualifies for App Service](https://appmigration.microsoft.com/)

> * [Moving your database to the cloud](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/azure/migration/sql)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Moving your database to the cloud](sql.md)
```
